Expand discussion of standard directories (#10)
lsst-dm/nb_lsst_io: environment/directories.rst

   If you also have an account on `lsst-dev <https://developer.lsst.io/services/lsst-dev.html>`_,
   you can access your Notebook Aspect home directory via :file:`$HOME/jhome/` from lsst-dev.

Preinstalled subdirectories
---------------------------

> Within the :file:`$HOME` directory a number of directories are currently pre-created for new users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :file:`$HOME` directory contains several directories that are pre-created for you.
```

Author: I mostly like this, except for the last edit on the line.  I had wanted to emphasize that they are created on _account creation._  So we could do "... for you when your account is created."

However, one of the other points of this review is to get @athornton to tell us whether that's true and when they _really_ are created - e.g., perhaps the system checks for them on every login and re-creates them then?

Reviewer 2: At leach login, if they are missing, they are re-created.

https://github.com/lsst-sqre/nublado/blob/38dca234e5fa392e7bc08d2df049d9bc94ecd701/jupyterlab/runlab.sh#L57

> :file:`~/notebooks`

Reviewer: Make this a title

```suggestion
The ~/notebooks directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

(and no formatting in a title)

Author: I wasn't sure we actively used titles that far down, but with that encouragement: I actually prefer it.

> The :file:`~/notebooks` directory is intended as the top of a subtree within which you can organize your personal notebooks.

Reviewer: Is there a way to make this sentence easier to read?

Reviewer 3: Maybe something like:
> The `~/notebooks` directory is a place to organize notebooks.

> Within this directory, two items are pre-created:

Reviewer: Less passive voice? Maybe:

```suggestion
This director contains two pre-created items:
```

> - A clone of the `lsst-sqre/notebook-demo`_ repository is created from Github at :file:`~/notebooks/notebook-demo`, and the ``prod`` branch of this repository is regularly updated from Github in this clone.  See the :doc:`discussion of demo notebooks <../getting-started/notebook-demo>` for more details.

Reviewer: Github -> GitHub

> - A clone of the `lsst-sqre/notebook-demo`_ repository is created from Github at :file:`~/notebooks/notebook-demo`, and the ``prod`` branch of this repository is regularly updated from Github in this clone.  See the :doc:`discussion of demo notebooks <../getting-started/notebook-demo>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A clone of the `lsst-sqre/notebook-demo`_ repository is created from GitHub at :file:`~/notebooks/notebook-demo`. The ``prod`` branch of this repository is regularly updated from GitHub in this clone.  See the :doc:`../getting-started/notebook-demo` page to learn more.
```

- You can use the :ref:`~/notebooks/.user_setups <lsst-kernel-user-setups>` file to configure the environment your notebooks run in.

> :file:`~/DATA`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ~/DATA directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The :file:`~/DATA` directory is pre-created, empty, as a place for tutorial notebooks to load input datasets.

> If it is deleted, some notebooks will attempt to re-create it, while others may fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete it, some notebooks will attempt to re-create it, while others may fail.
```

> :file:`~/WORK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ~/WORK directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The :file:`~/WORK` directory is pre-created, empty, as a place for some tutorial notebooks to write outputs (e.g., "rerun" directories).

> If it is deleted, these notebooks may fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete it, these notebooks may fail.
```

> :file:`~/dask`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ~/dask directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> The :file:`~/dask` directory is pre-created and holds an automatically updated `Dask <https://dask.org/>`_ configuration file, :file:`~/dask/dask_worker.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :file:`~/dask` directory is pre-populated with a `Dask <https://dask.org/>`_ configuration file, :file:`~/dask/dask_worker.yml`.
```

> This file is recreated on each login, populated with a template that builds dask nodes of the appropriate size and with the appropriate disk mounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is recreated on each login and includes a template that builds dask nodes of the appropriate size and with the appropriate disk mounts.
```

(the "automatically updated" phrase is redundant with the second sentence; I like the latter since its more useful)

Author: The language was taken verbatim from @athornton's https://lsstc.slack.com/archives/C8EEUGDSA/p1568310501208700 .  I'm not sure if he really meant it _is/contains_ a template or it is created _from/using_ a template; I assumed the latter.  So let's see what he says.

Reviewer 2: It is created from a template; it _is_ a file that defines the default dask worker, as being the same machine image you're currently running, with the same disk mounts and the same CPU/RAM sizing.  You're free to change it yourself, but if it breaks you get to keep both pieces.  It will be overwritten at the next container startup (which may have different parameters).

> :file:`~/idleculler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ~/idleculler directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> The :file:`~/idleculler` directory is used for logfile output from the process that watches for idle sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :file:`~/idleculler` directory contains the logfile output from the process that watches for idle sessions.
```

> This file, :file:`culler.output`, may be deleted when it begins to take up a lot of space; it will be automatically recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that :file:`culler.output` file begins to take up a lot of space, you can delete it and it will be automatically recreated.
```
